###User Defined Function###
_WinAPI_GetOverlappedResult

###Description###
Retrieves the results of an overlapped operation

###Syntax###
#Include <WinAPI.au3>
_WinAPI_GetOverlappedResult($hFile, $pOverlapped, ByRef $iBytes[, $fWait = False])

###Parameters###
@@ParamTable@@
$hFile
	Handle to the file, named pipe, or communications device. This is the same handle that was
		specified when the overlapped operation was started by a call to ReadFile, WriteFile, ConnectNamedPipe,
		TransactNamedPipe, DeviceIoControl, or WaitCommEvent.
$pOverlapped
	Pointer to the $tagOVERLAPPED structure that was specified when the overlapped operation was
		started.
$iBytes
	The number of bytes that were actually transferred by a read or write operation. For a
		TransactNamedPipe operation, this is the number of bytes that were read from the pipe. For a DeviceIoControl
		operation this is the number of bytes of output data returned by the device driver. For a ConnectNamedPipe or
		WaitCommEvent operation, this value is undefined.
$fWait
	If True, the function does not return until the operation has been completed. If False and the
		operation is still pending, the function returns False and the GetLastError function will return
		ERROR_IO_INCOMPLETE.
@@End@@

###ReturnValue###
Success: The number of bytes that were actually transferred by a read or write operation

###Remarks###
None.

###Related###
$tagOVERLAPPED

###See Also###
@@MsdnLink@@ GetOverlappedResult
