###Function###
GUICtrlCreatePic

###Description###
在GUI上创建一个图片控件

###Syntax###
GUICtrlCreatePic ( 文件名, 左侧, 顶部 [, 宽度 [, 高度 [, 样式 [, 扩展样式]]]] )


###Parameters###
@@ParamTable@@
文件名
	要加载的图标文件.
左侧
	控件左侧的位置.若此值为 -1 则根据 <a href="AutoItSetOption.htm#GUICoordMode">GUICoordMode</a> 的设置来计算左侧位置.
顶部
	控件上方的位置.若此值为 -1 则根据 <a href="AutoItSetOption.htm#GUICoordMode">GUICoordMode</a> 的设置来计算上方位置.
宽度
	[可选参数] 控件的宽度(默认值为上一个控件的宽度).  
高度
	[可选参数] 控件的高度(默认值为上一个控件的高度).  
样式
	[可选参数] 指定控件的样式.请查看附录中关于 <a href="../appendix/GUIStyles.htm#Label">GUI 控件样式</a> 的说明.
	
	默认值(-1)：$SS_NOTIFY 
	强制性样式： $SS_BITMAP
扩展样式
	[可选参数] 指定控件的扩展样式.请查看附录的 <a href="../appendix/GUIStyles.htm#Extended">扩展样式表</a> . 
@@End@@

###ReturnValue###
@@ReturnTable@@
成功:	返回控件标识符(控件ID).   
失败:	返回值为0.
@@End@@


###Remarks###
若要设置或修改控件的各种信息请查看 <a href="../guiref/GUICtrlSet.htm">GUICtrlSet...</a>.

若要在对话框(窗口)显示之后更新图标请使用 <a href="GUICtrlSetImage.htm">GUICtrlSetImage</a>

若要以目标图片的原始大小显示则请设置宽度=高度=0.

To have a transparent picture it is needed to create the GUI window with WS_EX_LAYERED extended style. The left-top pixel will be used as the transparency color. If several pictures are created the last picture is defining the transparent color. See example 2.
.
要在默认样式的基础上添加一个新的样式可使用 BitOr($GUI_SS_DEFAULT_PIC, 新样式,...). 

To use the values specified above you must #include <StaticConstants.au3> in your script.

默认大小为 $GUI_DOCKSIZE. 

If a picture is set as a background picture, as the other controls will overlap, it's important to disable the pic control and create it after the others controls: GuiCtrlSetState(-1,$GUI_DISABLE). This is not enough for Tab or Listview control which behave differently. In this case you need to create the picture with the $WS_CLIPSIBLINGS style, GuiCtrlSetState(-1,$GUI_ONTOP) is necessary for the Tab or Listview control.

The extended style $GUI_WS_EX_PARENTDRAG can be used to allow the dragging of the parent window for windows that don't have a titlebar (no $WS_CAPTION style in GUICreate).

The background is always set to transparent. GUICtrlSetBkColor() has not effect on pic control.

PNG can be used with GDI+. See example 3.


###Related###
GUICoordMode (Option), GUICtrlSetImage, GUICtrlSet..., GUIGetMsg


###Example###
@@IncludeExample@@
