###Function###
GUICtrlRead

###Description###
读取指定控件的状态或相关数据。 

###Syntax###
GUICtrlRead ( 控件ID [, 高级] )


###Parameters###
@@ParamTable@@
控件ID
	控件标识符(控件ID)，可由<a href="../guiref/GUICtrlCreate.htm">GUICtrlCreate...</a>函数的返回值获得。 
高级
	[可选参数] 返回控件的扩展信息.
	0 = (默认) 返回控件的状态或者数据.
	1 = 返回控件的扩展信息 (参考 注意 部分).
@@End@@

###ReturnValue###
@@ReturnTable@@
成功:	返回值视控件类型的不同而不同（请看下表）。
失败:	返回值为0。
@@End@@

@@StandardTable1@@
<b>类型</b>	<b>值</b>
复选框（Checkbox）单选框（Radio）  按钮的状态。 请查看状态表
组合框（Combo）列表框（List）  选中的项目
输入框（Input）、编辑框（Edit）  输入的文本
按钮（Button）  显示的文本
日期（Date）  选中的日期
进度条（Progress）  当前百分比
滑动条（Slider）  当前值   
标签（Tab）  选中的标签项的编号   
菜单（Menu）、菜单项（MenuItem）  菜单/项目的状态。 请查看状态表    
树型视图（TreeView）  选中的 TreeView 项目的控件标识符（控件ID）   
树型视图项目（TreeViewItem）  TreeView 项目的状态   
列表视图（ListView）  选中的 ListView 项目的控件标识符（控件ID）。0表示没有项目被选中 
Dummy	The value set by <a href="GUICtrlSendToDummy.htm">GUICtrlSendToDummy</a> or <a href="GUICtrlSetData.htm">GUICtrlSetData</a>
@@End@@


###Remarks###
In 'advanced' mode the return value contains additional data of the control (see below).

Note: not for all known controls there is additional data available!
<br>
@@StandardTable1@@
<b>Type</b>	<b>Additional Value</b>
Checkbox, Radio	The text of the control.
Menu, MenuItem	The text of the control.
TreeView	The text of the current selected TreeViewItem.
TreeViewItem	The text of the TreeViewItem.
ListViewItem	The state of the ListViewItem if $LVS_EX_CHECKBOXES exStyle used in advanced mode.  <a href="GUICtrlSetState.htm#StateTable">See State table </a>
Tab	The controlID of the tabitem selected
@@End@@

For Checkbox, Radio control several states can be returned as $GUI_FOCUS and $GUI_CHECKED,. So use i.e. BitAnd(GUICtrlRead($Item),$GUI_CHECKED) to test if the control is checked.

For Listview items several states can be returned as $GUI_CHECKED and $GUI_UNCHECKED (only for listview controls with LVS_EX_CHECKBOXES-exstyle and on 'advanced' return) . So use i.e. BitAnd(GUICtrlRead($Item),$GUI_CHECKED) to test if the item is checked.

For Treeview items several states can be returned as $GUI_FOCUS, $GUI_EXPAND and $GUI_CHECKED, $GUI_UNCHECKED (only for treeview controls with TVS_CHECKBOXES-style . So use i.e. BitAnd(GUICtrlRead($Item),$GUI_CHECKED) to test if the item is checked.


###Related###
GUICtrlSet..., GUIGetMsg, GUIEventOptions (Option)


###Example###
@@IncludeExample@@
